docs(components): Slot/Children (#337)
BuilderIO/mitosis: docs/components.md

  );
}
```

### Children

We use the standard method for passing children with `props.children`

```jsx
function MyComponent(props) {
  return <div>{props.children}</div>;
}
```

### Slot

> When you want to register a named slot you do so using the `slot` prop similar to `on` convention.

Reviewer: what do you mean by the "`on` convention"? I don't quite get that.

```jsx
<div>
  <Layout
    slotTop={<NavBar/>}
    slotLeft={<Sidebar/>}
    slotCenter={<Content/>}
  />
    anything else
  </Layout>
</div>
```

> In this example we are registering `top`, `left`, and `center`. for the `Layout` component to project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example we are registering `top`, `left`, and `center` for the `Layout` component to project.
```

> If we the `Layout` component was also a Mitosis component then we simply use the reference in the props

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `Layout` component was also a Mitosis component then we simply use the reference in the props
```

```jsx
function Layout(props) {
  return (
    <div className="layout">
      <div className="top">{props.slotTop}</div>
      <div className="left">{props.slotLeft}</div>
      <div className="center">{props.slotCenter}</div>
      {props.children}
    </div>
  );
}
```

> Mitosis compiles one component at a time and is only concern of outputting the correct method for each framework. In the two example above this is the angular output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mitosis compiles one component at a time and is only concerned with outputting the correct method for each framework. For the two examples above, here are the angular and html outputs.
```
